this is my shed mega website.
it will be the connect to my server in the shed 
this is what it will acomplish

player database of all gamers in the shedstored in a tinydb instance
as  of right now it needs to keep trakc
of players, wins, shedcoins and the profile picture

this will all happen on the players and admin page

all player are displayed on the players page 
the admin page is where new players are added and scoves\

the radio page will my sheds radio station
this page will stream music from the /static/music folder and player
it on the radio page, should function as a music app with play pause shuffle

there is a current test function for now
that downloads a youtube video as a mp3 and stores it in the music folder
where my program can play and shulle though music

next we will build the games pages

first will be another tinydb for the shed games libery

will need some way to add games to the shed in bulk i want to add some sort of gpt insant to bulk add games with in my dayabase peraminers

this is how i want my games database to be arranged for now may chnage




videogame database = gamename, realease, playerscount, consoles, location, 

playerscount is the number of players that can play at a time on 1 tv with my set upper
reaslease is the year the game came out
console is what game you can play it on this can be a mutiple for example it could be switch and an xbox or all xbox1 ps4 and ps4
location is where the game is located in my collection this will be a sentence

will also need a page where i can work on the database add games edit parts and view
maybe 
videogamedb

i lastly want some way to integrade openai gpt3 to bulk add games with the prefix of my database for example
add all the ds pokemon games to the db 
and it return the sql or tiny logic to add the games to the database

and there will also be a page to view and search the games by its varoius differnt entites



ok the games page on the bottom i want you to add a button to the take you to the new library page
 that you will also complete. om this library page the purpose of this library page will act as a download page 
 for games i have created on my server for now i will create a library directoy in the docker to practise and test. 
 but it will be connected to my game library linux server. but test ready for now. this page must be setup to download
  these games. the page will list all the different consoles that i have and clicking on the console 
  will revel all the games i have for that console. clicked the game will start to download the game. 
  i need some help with seting up the downloading process hopefully you can figure out how to do it right. 
  this library should be able to hold over 6 tb of games with games being as large as 50 gb. 
  so there will have to be a way to zip the file on the server before it is send to the user. 
  so for now i wants a library page this will display all the consoles and when you click a 
  given conole it will list the gave available and when the game is click it will start the download. 
  so for this we will need a mock dirertoy in the docker for now to test the download 
  and games function making sure any game i add to this library directory will show up on the library
   and be able to be downloaded. 